---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "clearblade_registries Data Source - terraform-provider-clearblade"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  List of device registries in a project.
---

# clearblade_registries (Data Source)

List of device registries in a project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Service credential based configuration for the Clearblade IoT Core provider
terraform {
  required_providers {
    clearblade = {
      source = "clearblade.com/dev/clearblade"
    }
  }
}

provider "clearblade" {

}
# List all registries
data "clearblade_registries" "all" {
  project = "project-id"
  region  = "us-central1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The name of the project to list device registries for.
- `region` (String) The name of the region to list device registries for.

### Read-Only

- `device_registries` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_registries))

<a id="nestedatt--device_registries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_registries`

Required:

- `http_config` (Attributes) The configuration of the HTTP bridge for a device registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_registries--http_config))
- `mqtt_config` (Attributes) The configuration of MQTT for a device registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_registries--mqtt_config))
- `state_notification_config` (Attributes) The configuration for notification of new states received from the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_registries--state_notification_config))

Read-Only:

- `credentials` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_registries--credentials))
- `event_notification_configs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_registries--event_notification_configs))
- `id` (String)
- `log_level` (String) The logging verbosity for device activity. Specifies which events should be written to logs.
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--device_registries--http_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_registries.http_config`

Read-Only:

- `http_enabled_state` (String) If enabled, allows devices to use DeviceService via the HTTP protocol. Otherwise, any requests to DeviceService will fail for this registry.


<a id="nestedatt--device_registries--mqtt_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_registries.mqtt_config`

Read-Only:

- `mqtt_enabled_state` (String) If enabled, allows connections using the MQTT protocol. Otherwise, MQTT connections to this registry will fail.


<a id="nestedatt--device_registries--state_notification_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_registries.state_notification_config`

Read-Only:

- `pubsub_topic_name` (String) A Cloud Pub/Sub topic name. For example, projects/myProject/topics/deviceEvents.


<a id="nestedatt--device_registries--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_registries.credentials`

Required:

- `credential` (Attributes) A server-stored registry credential used to validate device credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_registries--credentials--credential))

<a id="nestedatt--device_registries--credentials--credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_registries.credentials.credential`

Required:

- `public_key_certificate` (Attributes) A public key certificate format and data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_registries--credentials--credential--public_key_certificate))

<a id="nestedatt--device_registries--credentials--credential--public_key_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_registries.credentials.credential.public_key_certificate`

Required:

- `x509_certificate_detail` (Attributes) The certificate details. Used only for X.509 certificates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_registries--credentials--credential--public_key_certificate--x509_certificate_detail))

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) The certificate data.
- `format` (String) The certificate format.

<a id="nestedatt--device_registries--credentials--credential--public_key_certificate--x509_certificate_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_registries.credentials.credential.public_key_certificate.x509_certificate_detail`

Read-Only:

- `expiry_time` (String) The time the certificate becomes invalid.
- `issuer` (String) The entity that signed the certificate.
- `public_key_type` (String) The type of public key in the certificate.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) The algorithm used to sign the certificate.
- `start_time` (String) The time the certificate becomes valid.
- `subject` (String) The entity the certificate and public key belong to.





<a id="nestedatt--device_registries--event_notification_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_registries.event_notification_configs`

Required:

- `event_notification_config` (Attributes) The configuration for forwarding telemetry events. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_registries--event_notification_configs--event_notification_config))

<a id="nestedatt--device_registries--event_notification_configs--event_notification_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_registries.event_notification_configs.event_notification_config`

Read-Only:

- `pubsub_topic_name` (String) A Cloud Pub/Sub topic name. For example, projects/myProject/topics/deviceEvents.
- `subfolder_matches` (String) This field is used only for telemetry events; subfolders are not supported for state changes.


