---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "clearblade_iot_registry Resource - terraform-provider-clearblade"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
---

# clearblade_iot_registry (Resource)

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Service credential based configuration for the Clearblade IoT Core provider
terraform {
  required_providers {
    clearblade = {
      version = "0.2.7"
      source  = "ClearBlade/clearblade"
    }
  }
}

provider "clearblade" {
  # Configuration options
  credentials = var.clearblade-creds
  project     = var.gcp_project_id
  region      = var.gcp_region
}

resource "clearblade_iot_registry" "example-registry" {
  project = var.gcp_project_id
  region  = var.gcp_region
  registry = {
    id = var.registry_id

    event_notification_configs = [
      {
        pubsub_topic_name = var.event_topic_name
        subfolder_matches = var.event_subfolder_matches
      },

      {
        pubsub_topic_name = var.event_topic_name
        subfolder_matches = ""
      }
    ]

    state_notification_config = {
      pubsub_topic_name = var.state_topic_name
    }

    mqtt_config = {
      mqtt_config = "MQTT_ENABLED"
    }

    http_config = {
      http_config = "HTTP_DISABLED"
    }

    log_level = var.log_level
  }

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The id of the project.
- `region` (String) The name of the cloud region.
- `registry` (Attributes) A container for a group of devices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registry))

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--registry"></a>

### Nested Schema for `registry`

Required:

- `event_notification_configs` (Attributes List) The configuration for notification of telemetry events received from the device. All telemetry events that were successfully published by the device and acknowledged by Clearblade IoT Core are guaranteed to be delivered to Cloud Pub/Sub. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registry--event_notification_configs))
- `id` (String) The identifier of this device registry. For example, myRegistry.
- `log_level` (String) The default logging verbosity for activity from devices in this registry. The verbosity level can be overridden by Device.log_level.

Optional:

- `http_config` (Attributes) The configuration of the HTTP bridge for a device registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registry--http_config))
- `mqtt_config` (Attributes) The configuration of MQTT for a device registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registry--mqtt_config))
- `name` (String) The resource path name. For example, projects/example-project/locations/us-central1/registries/my-registry.
- `state_notification_config` (Attributes) The configuration for notification of new states received from the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registry--state_notification_config))

<a id="nestedatt--registry--event_notification_configs"></a>

### Nested Schema for `registry.event_notification_configs`

Required:

- `pubsub_topic_name` (String) A Cloud Pub/Sub topic name. For example, projects/myProject/topics/deviceEvents.
- `subfolder_matches` (String) If the subfolder name matches this string exactly, this configuration will be used. The string must not include the leading '/' character. If empty, all strings are matched. This field is used only for telemetry events; subfolders are not supported for state changes.

<a id="nestedatt--registry--http_config"></a>

### Nested Schema for `registry.http_config`

Optional:

- `http_config` (String) If enabled, allows devices to use DeviceService via the HTTP protocol. Otherwise, any requests to DeviceService will fail for this registry.

<a id="nestedatt--registry--mqtt_config"></a>

### Nested Schema for `registry.mqtt_config`

Optional:

- `mqtt_config` (String) If enabled, allows connections using the MQTT protocol. Otherwise, MQTT connections to this registry will fail.

<a id="nestedatt--registry--state_notification_config"></a>

### Nested Schema for `registry.state_notification_config`

Optional:

- `pubsub_topic_name` (String) A Cloud Pub/Sub topic name. For example, projects/myProject/topics/deviceEvents.
